Here I upload the original Learning plan:

Individual Learning Plan: Data Science for Smart Environments
Michal Bartek
I have joined the course of Data Science for smart environments to get in touch with the real world datasets, their characteristics and what kind of problems they help solve. In this learning goal text I want to define several targets I aim to achieve throughout this course. As mentioned I have joined this course to get my hands on real world problem projects with data. I have acquired multiple hard skills like GIS software, introduction to statistical analysis and some programming skills in the past few months, however I have not yet been given an opportunity to combine these skills in one project. I see this course as an ideal opportunity to prove and test these skills in the real world setting within the group project. In the past week I was exposed to the data harvesting, reading the metadata documentation and simple data formatting. My first personal goal is closely connected to such skills in data. 
1.	Learn how to work with new python libraries for machine learning, for example: scikit learn. Improve and automate the skills with the pandas, geopandas python libraries. 
In general, I seek to improve my scripting. In more detail I aim to automate my basic geospatial data analyst skills in python libraries such as geopandas. Additionally I hope to learn how to navigate in new libraries for machine learning such as scikit learn.
Now: Basic skills with (geo)pandas and no experience with scikit learn
Then: More comfortable with basic data science libraries and basic knowledge in scikit learn

2.   	Improve my Workflow: Improve the structuring of the workload and communicate it clearly with the team.
In practice I see this goal as a crucial goal for my professional career after the end of my education. For the course of Data Science for Smart Environments we work in project and in a span of 3 weeks we are expected to produce results for the data project. I see this as a perfect opportunity to structure my work by preparing my agenda for each week and sticking to the plan in order to progress in the project. Additionally I aim to achieve that eac h group member will be informed on the agenda I am working on throughout the day.
Now: No structure in the workflow. Little to no communication with the team.
Then: Detailed log of activities and agenda planned at the start of the week. Clear communication with the team about my agenda.

3.	Information: How to setup an analysis
In my previous experience, the statistical analysis for a project was often predetermined, with limited freedom to decide how to approach it. Typically, the methodology was provided upfront, or team members made the choice for a specific type of analysis. In this course, I hope to learn how to design and implement statistical analyses aimed to gain meaningful goals derived from real-world problems, ensuring valid results.
Now: Limited experience with the setting up of the statistical analysis.
Then: Project with the clear methodology and learned the good practices in setting up of data analysis.

4.	Knowledge: Data ethics, the consequences of my actions in data
Lastly, I aim to deepen my understanding of data ethics and privacy. I hope to achieve this learning goal by applying the knowledge gained from lectures on these topics along with concepts such as cookies, negative, externalities, consent —to the project at hand. I want to critically consider the consequences of both good and poor data ethics practices, identifying the key actors involved in the project and evaluating how my decisions as a data scientist might influence them. In our project on wind energy production and weather model data, this may present a challenging task, but we aim to identify and implement good data ethics practices, nonetheless. We will carefully consider the ethical implications of how we collect, analyze, and share data. We aim to ensure that our work matches with the standards of privacy, ethics, and responsibility.
Now: No experience with implementing the data ethics into the data problem.
Then: Data ethics addressed in my project with the reasoning behind the effect on actors.
